Focus exclusively on this task. Do not touch dashboard UI, metrics, or
integration logic right now — this is purely a project structure and
local dev tooling task.

TASK: Split the project into separate frontend and backend folders, and
create a one-click local startup script.

1) REPOSITORY STRUCTURE
Reorganize the repository (moving existing code, not duplicating it) into:

  /backend    → the entire API/server codebase
  /frontend   → the entire client/UI codebase

Each folder must be self-contained with its own package.json, its own
dependencies, and its own env file (.env for backend, .env for frontend
if needed). Do not leave backend and frontend code mixed at the root.
Update all import paths, scripts, and configs affected by the move.
Confirm both apps still run correctly after the move before proceeding.

2) BACKEND PORT
Backend must run on a fixed, explicit port (e.g. 4000 — pick one and use
it consistently in backend config and in the startup script below). Do
not use a random/auto-assigned port.

3) STARTUP SCRIPT — startup.bat AT THE REPO ROOT
Create a Windows batch file, startup.bat, placed at the root of the
repository, that when double-clicked does the following:

  a. Resolves the repo root correctly regardless of where it's launched
     from (use %~dp0 as the base path — do not assume a fixed absolute
     path).
  b. Opens a NEW, separate cmd window that cd's into /backend and starts
     the backend dev server (e.g. npm run dev / npm start — use whatever
     script actually starts this backend). This window must stay open
     and the process must keep running for the entire session — do not
     let the window close automatically when the command finishes
     starting up (use `start "Backend" cmd /k "cd /d %~dp0backend && npm run dev"`
     or the equivalent for whatever the backend's actual start command
     is).
  c. Opens a SECOND separate cmd window the same way for /frontend,
     starting its dev server and keeping that window open for the
     session too.
  d. Waits a few seconds (enough for the frontend dev server to be
     ready — a simple timeout is fine) and then automatically opens the
     default web browser at the frontend's local URL
     (http://localhost:<frontend-port>) using the `start` command.
  e. The main startup.bat window itself can close after launching the
     two child windows and opening the browser — it does not need to
     stay open, only the backend and frontend windows do.

Test that double-clicking startup.bat from the repo root reliably starts
both servers in their own persistent windows and opens the working app
in the browser, with no manual steps required.

Report back once this works end-to-end, before moving on to anything
else.